**Dominique Ross**

520 Williamson Drive

Chapel Hill, NC 27514

Cell: (904) 570-6253

[dross3@live.unc.edu](mailto:dross3@live.unc.edu)

\
\

Dear Campus Grant Committee,

\
\

I am applying for the Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship for the
summer of 2017. I would like to participate in the research of growing
tropical fruits in different types of light. I would specifically like
to undergo this research in a lab at the University of North Carolina.

\
\

The Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship was established to provide
summer students with different opportunities and life experiences. The
University of North Carolina has the leading research facilities in the
country for this type of experiment. This would be an amazing chance for
me to gain research experience. I am currently a Communications major
with a minor in entrepreneurship. Having the opportunity to take this
research and gain knowledge would give me the ability to take what I
have learned in the classroom and apply it to the real world. This would
give me the opportunity change the way tropical fruit is grown, overall
giving a solution to hunger and poverty in America.

I am a hard worker and I am dedicated to this research so I can make a
positive impact in communities around the world. These skills qualify me
for this grant, giving me a great learning experience. I hold a lot of
potential and I think I would only become better as a student and a
person after I have completed the research. I feel as an upcoming young
adult I am beginning to reach the peak of my academic success and my
skill level is high. I try to attack everyday with the mindset to win. I
love to learn and with this research I can learn and help make a
difference at the same time.

\
\

In conclusion, I am very thankful for the opportunity to be considered
this grant. Thank you for the opportunity to come before you all with my
presentation. I hope you consider me for this grant and I welcome the
opportunity for an interview.

\
\

Sincerely,

Dominique Ross

\
\

\
\

